`AutoreleasePool` feature switch (#24516)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/run-time-config/threading.md

</Project>
```

## `AutoreleasePool` for managed threads

> - When running on a supported macOS platform, each managed thread will receive an implicit [`NSAutoreleasePool`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/nsautoreleasepool).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Configures whether each managed thread receives an implicit [`NSAutoreleasePool`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/nsautoreleasepool) when running on a supported macOS platform.
```

> - Configures whether each managed thread receives an implicit [`NSAutoreleasePool`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/nsautoreleasepool) when running on a supported macOS platform.

Reviewer 2: Do we care about specifying that this is only on .NET 6+?

Author: I don't think that is needed because this is so tightly coupled to our Objective-C support. I can add it but I'm not sure if people will be confused.

Reviewer: Yes, we've added it as another column in the table. For example: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/run-time-config/garbage-collector#workstation-vs-server

Author: Thanks. Updated.
